#Prelude


All creatures of our God and King,

Lift up your voice and with us sing

Alleluia, alleluia!

Thou burning sun with golden beam,

Thou silver moon with softer gleam,

O praise him, O praise him,

Alleluia, alleluia, alleluia.



#Psalm 145



I will bless You all of my days, Lord

I will praise You always, my God and King

I will bless and honor Your name, Lord

Always and forever, my soul will sing



Such a vast, unsearchable greatness

Great is Yahweh, worthy of all our praise

Let Your people sound through the ages

All Your awesome works 'til the end of days



We have seen Your splendor and glory

We have seen Your wonders and stand amazed

Every tongue will echo Your story

Everyone will sing of Your righteous ways



O let all that lives ever bless His name!


All that You have made, Lord, will praise You

All Your saints will worship in joyful strain

Praise the Lord, who ransoms and rescues

Praise the God of glory, who ever reigns

He is holy, judging the wicked

Guarding those that love Him and fear His name

All that call out, Yahweh is with them

He will hear their cries, He is strong to save

He upholds the one who is stumbling,

Lifting up those burdened with heavy loads;

Opening His hand to the hungry,

Blessing all that look to their Lord and hope!

He is tender toward His creation;

He is faithful, gracious in all He does!

Great is Yahweh, full of compassion,

Slow to anger, filled with unfailing love!

O let all that lives ever bless His name!

O let all that lives ever bless His name!



#And Can It Be



And can it be that I should gain

An interest in the Savior's blood?

Died He for me, who caused His pain?

For me, who Him to death pursued?

Amazing love! how can it be

That Thou, my God, should die for me?



He left His Father's throne above,

So free, so infinite His grace;

Emptied Himself of all but love,

And bled for Adam's helpless race;

'Tis mercy all, immense and free;

For, O my God, it found out me. 

Amazing love! how can it be

That Thou, my God, should die for me!




Long my imprisoned spirit lay

Fast bound in sin and nature's night;

Thine eye diffused a quick'ning ray,

I woke, the dungeon flamed with light;

My chains fell off, my heart was free;

I rose, went forth and followed Thee. 

Amazing love! how can it be

That Thou, my God, should die for me!


No condemnation now I dread;

Jesus, and all in Him is mine!

Alive in Him, my living Head,

And clothed in righteousness divine,

Bold I approach th'eternal throne,

And claim the crown, through Christ my own. 



#Jesus Shall Reign

Jesus shall reign where'er the sun

does its successive journeys run,

his kingdom stretch from shore to shore,

till moons shall wax and wane no more.



People and realms of every tongue

dwell on his love with sweetest song,

and infant voices shall proclaim

their early blessings on his name.

Blessings abound where'er he reigns:

the prisoners leap to lose their chains,

the weary find eternal rest,

and all who suffer want are blest.



Let every creature rise and bring

the highest honors to our King,

angels descend with songs again,

and earth repeat the loud amen.



#Doxology
Praise God, from whom all blessings flow;
Praise Him, all creatures here below;
Praise Him above, ye heav'nly host;
Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.
Amen.
